This is the basic version of my command 
and for making the file we use touch command like
touch filename.txt then press enter.
1. when we want to change the directory we use cd command e
exp- cd folder name
2. when we want to make a file in any particular folder so firstly we use 
cd folder name  then
mkdir and folder name by this we can make folder in that folder
3. if we want to make any txt file so we use touch command
exp touch filename.txt
4. By using git init this command is initialize the git but no more file will be visible to the user 
5.  By ls -a command we can see all the files which is presented in the folder
6. If we want to see the status we use git status command but using this command no file will untracked
7. If we use git add filename.txt then we can commit the files
8. and if we use git commit -m "write message" for using this command we have to tell the 
git bash who are you then we have to tell the user name or email id if you have not mentioned then 
we will face some error then we have to use the some command like 
git config user.email "write your email" then
git config user.name "write your name"
then we can use the git commit -m "write your message" then it will work and the message we 
have written then it will appear on the screen
9. git log command we use to see who is the author and when the file is created
10. if we have change the text in the text file then we use some command like
git diff filename.txt 
this command will show the previous text and the new text
11. git checkout filename.txt this command is used for the rolling back the text the new text will
disappear and the previous text will save in the file.
12 for uploading your folder and file to the GitHub website we need to stablish connection then we 
have write some code that is 
firstly we should have an account on the GitHub
then we type come command firstly go to the folder then type
git remote and origin paste the https link like 
git remote add origin https://github.com/AdvSumit/First.git
for the above code we have to make a repository in GitHub and we will get our http link 
after that write some more code like by that code our folder and will be uploaded on the GitHub 
git push -u origin master and press enter. after this command our file will be uploaded on the GitHub website.
